1) What is a socket?
Sockets are files used for inter-process communication (IPC), allowing two processes to exchange information within a network.

2) What is the difference between the domains AF_INET and AF_UNIX?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21032562/example-to-explain-unix-domain-socket-af-inet-vs-af-unix
AF_INET stands for Address Family, Internet. It allows your process to communicate with a remote host.

AF_UNIX stands for Address Family, Unix. It used for communications between processes on the local host.
Since the communication is happening on the same host, the network protocols become unnecessary, reducing the overhead.
Additionally, they don't suffer from network congestion nor packet loss.

3) What is the difference between SOCK_STREAM and SOCK_DGRAM?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5815675/what-is-sock-dgram-and-sock-stream
SOCK_STREAM is used by TCP (Transmission Control Protocol), which establishes a continuous connection until it is terminated by one of the parties or a network error.

SOCK_DGRAM (Socket Datagram) is used by UDP (User Datagram Protocol), which sends a single datagram, receives a reply, then closes the socket.

4) Why is it important to clear all the values the addrinfo struct before using it in getaddrinfo?
If the values are not manually set to 0, then pre-existing bits can trigger unwanted flags.

5) What are ai_family and ai_socktype?
ai_family specifies the preferred address family for the returned address.
ai_socktype specifies the preferred socket type that will be used for communication.

6) What does getaddrinfo do?
getaddrinfo returns a linked list of addrinfo structs. These structs store the sending host's address information.

7) What does connect do?
connect is used to set up the continuous connection of a TCP Client.

8) What is setsockopt?
setsockopt is a function that lets an application control its socket behavior. setsockopt can allocate buffer space, control timeouts, or permit socket data broadcasts.

9) What does bind do?
bind associates a local socket address with a provided socket file descriptor.

10) What does listen do?
listen marks a socket as accepting connections. It also specifies the size of the backlog that will be used to hold incoming, unhandled connections.

11) What does accept do?
After the server socket has been initialized, calling accept allows it to wait for new connections. By default, accept will block until a new connection has been received.